# Exam AI-102 practice assessment
## Q 1-10


## Question 1
You are building an app that will analyze resumes and remove names and addresses.

You need to configure the Azure AI Language Personally Identifiable Information (PII) detection feature for the app.

Which categories should you specify in the request?

- [ ] Person, Address, and IP
- [x] Person and Address only
- [ ] Person, PersonType, and Address

Person and Address will detect names and addresses.

PersonType will also remove job roles. IP will also remove IP addresses.

[Entity categories recognized by Personally Identifiable Information (detection) in Azure Cognitive Service for Language - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/personally-identifiable-information/concepts/entity-categories)

[Publish and use a Language Understanding app - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/publish-use-language-understand-app/)


## Question 2
You are building an app that will analyze the sentiment of user feedback by using Azure AI Language.

You have a test document named Test.docx that contains one positive sentence and multiple neutral sentences.

You need to validate the app by analyzing Test.docx.
Which label will the app return for Test.docx?

- [ ] mixed
- [ ] negative
- [ ] neutral
- [x] positive

If there is at least one positive sentence in the document, and the rest of the document is neutral, then the document label is positive.

[How to perform sentiment analysis and opinion mining - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/sentiment-opinion-mining/how-to/call-api)

[Extract insights from text with the Language service - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/extract-insights-text-with-text-analytics-service/)


## Question 3
You are building an app that will flag documents that contain the names of staff members by using the Azure AI Language Personally Identifiable Information (PII) detection feature.

You need to configure the PII detection feature.

Which category should you use?


- [x] Person
- [ ] DateTime
- [ ] Age
- [ ] PhoneNumber

The Person category detects names of people in the PII detection feature. The PhoneNumber category detects phone numbers, the age category detects people’s ages, and the DateTime detects dates and time values.

[Entity categories recognized by Personally Identifiable Information (detection) in Azure Cognitive Service for Language - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/personally-identifiable-information/concepts/entity-categories)

[Publish and use a Language Understanding app - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/publish-use-language-understand-app/)


## Question 4
You build an app named App1 that uses the Azure AI Face service.

You need to optimize the app for images that contain blurry faces.

What should you do?

- [ ] Change the recognition model to `recognition_02`.
- [ ] Decrease the `faceIdTimeToLive` value.
- [x] Set the detection model to `detection_02`.

Model_2 Improves accuracy on small, side-view, and blurry faces.

Changing the recognition model to recognition_02 will improve facial recognition and faceIdTimeToLive is used for the number of seconds that the face ID is cached, which has no impact on blurry faces.

[How to specify a detection model - Face - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/computer-vision/how-to/specify-detection-model)

[Detect, analyze, and recognize faces - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/detect-analyze-recognize-faces/)


## Question 5
You have a knowledge base that contains semi-structured data.

You need to build a bot that will use the knowledge base as part of user conversations.

Which service should you use?

- [ ] Azure AI Content Moderator
- [ ] conversational Language Understanding (CLU)
- [x] Custom Question Answering (QnA) Maker

You need to include custom question answering, as it allows you to build a question and answer system from semi-structured content.

[What are Azure Cognitive Services? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/what-are-cognitive-services)

[Characteristics and limitations of question answering - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/legal/cognitive-services/language-service/characteristics-and-limitations-question-answering#question-and-answer-extraction-from-the-source)

[Prepare to develop AI solutions on Azure - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/prepare-to-develop-ai-solutions-azure/)



## Question 6
You have a website that allows users to upload images.

You need to ensure that the uploaded images do not contain adult content. The solution must minimize development effort.

Which service should you use?

Select only one answer.

- [ ] Azure AI Face Service

- [ ] Azure AI Custom Vision

- [x] Azure AI Vision Image Analysis

- [ ] Azure AI Vision Spatial Analysis


The Azure AI Vision Image Analysis service can extract a wide variety of visual features from an image. One of them is to detect adult content.

The Azure AI Face service provides AI algorithms that detect, recognize, and analyze human faces in images. Azure AI Custom Vision is an image recognition service that lets you build, deploy, and improve own image identifier models. So, while it is possible, it is not the solution with the lowest development effort. Azure AI Vision Spatial Analysis is used to ingest streaming video from cameras, extract insights, and generate events to be used by other systems.

[What are Azure Cognitive Services? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/what-are-cognitive-services)

[What is Computer Vision? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/overview)

[What is Image Analysis? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/overview-image-analysis?tabs=3-2)

[Prepare to develop AI solutions on Azure - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/prepare-to-develop-ai-solutions-azure/)


## Question 7
You are building an app that will extract text from scanned receipts.

You need to recommend which service to use. The solution must minimize development effort.

What should you recommend?

- [ ] Azure AI Vision

- [ ] Azure AI Custom Vision

- [x] Azure AI Document Intelligence

- [ ] Azure Machine Learning


Azure AI Document Intelligence is designed to work with documents such as receipts, as it offers prebuilt models for extracting information from these kinds of documents.

[OCR - Optical Character Recognition - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/overview-ocr)

[Extract data from forms with Form Recognizer - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/work-form-recognizer/)


## Question 8
You are building an app that will use an Azure AI Services resource.

You need to identify the endpoint for the resource.

From the Azure CLI, which command should you run?


- [ ] `az cognitiveservices account show`

- [ ] `az cognitiveservices account show --name myresource`

- [x] `az cognitiveservices account show --name myresource --resource-group cognitive-services-resource-group`

- [ ] `az cognitiveservices account show --resource-group cognitive-services-resource-group`

As you need to provide the name and the resource group for your Cognitive Service account to retrieve the endpoint amongst other information for the resource, az cognitiveservices account show --name myresource --resource-group cognitive-services-resource-group is the only valid command.

[az cognitiveservices account | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/cognitiveservices/account?view=azure-cli-latest#az-cognitiveservices-account-show)

[Create and consume Cognitive Services - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/create-manage-cognitive-services/)


## Question 9
You are building an app that will identify the core concepts of a document by using Azure AI Services.

Which endpoint should you use as part of the solution?

- [ ] custom Named Entity Recognition (NER)

- [x] key phrase extraction

- [ ] the Azure AI Vision API

You should use the key phrase extraction endpoint.

The custom NER endpoint will not do key phrase extraction and the Azure AI Vision API can be used to process PDF files but not to extract key phrase detection.

[What is key phrase extraction in Azure Cognitive Service for Language? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/language-service/key-phrase-extraction/overview)

[Extract insights from text with the Language service - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/extract-insights-text-with-text-analytics-service/)



## Question 10
You are building an app that will use Azure AI Custom Vision. The app will be deployed to a virtual machine in Azure.

You enable firewall rules for your Azure AI Services account.

You need to ensure that the app can access the service through a service endpoint.

What should you do?

Select only one answer.

- [ ] Assign a role-based access control (RBAC) role to the Azure AI Custom Vision resource.

- [x] Grant access to a specific virtual network.

- [ ] Grant access to an internet IP range.

- [ ] Include an access token in the Authorization header.

If you enable the firewall for the Azure AI Services account, you need to allow network access to the service. You can achieve this by either allowing access from a specific virtual network or adding an IP range to the firewall rules. In this situation, the app is deployed to a virtual machine in Azure, which resides in a virtual network. You can provide access to virtual networks in Azure to access specific service endpoints.

[Configure Virtual Networks for Azure Cognitive Services - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/cognitive-services-virtual-networks?context=%2Fazure%2Fcognitive-services%2Fcustom-vision-service%2Fcontext%2Fcontext&tabs=portal)

[Secure Cognitive Services - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/secure-cognitive-services/)