# Exam AI-102 practice assessment
## Q 11-20

### #11
You have an Azure App Services web app named App1.

You need to configure App1 to use Azure AI Services to authenticate by using Microsoft Entra ID. The solution must meet the following requirements:

Minimize administrative effort.
Use the principle of least privilege.
What should you do?

- [ ] Create a secret and store the secret in an Azure key vault. Assign App1 role-based access control (RBAC) permissions to the secret.
- [ ] Create a Microsoft Entra app registration and enable certificate-based authentication.
- [x] From App1, enable a managed identity and assign role-based access control (RBAC) permissions to Azure AI Services.
- [ ] From PowerShell, create a secret that never expires.

With a managed identity, the rotation of the secrets (certificates) is done automatically.

You still need to rotate secrets by using the key vault, and you cannot create secrets that never expire from the portal. It is not considered best practice to create one with PS1 or the CLI, and a certificate will also expire at some point.

[Authentication in Azure Cognitive Services - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/authentication?tabs=powershell#authorize-access-to-managed-identities)

[Secure Cognitive Services - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/secure-cognitive-services/)


### #12
You have an Azure AI Services resource.

You need to enable diagnostic logging.

What are two prerequisites for diagnostic logging? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

- [x] a Log Analytics workspace

- [ ] an Azure Cosmos DB for NoSQL account

- [ ] an Azure key vault

- [ ] an Azure SQL database

- [x] an Azure Storage account

The prerequisites to enable diagnostic logging are to have an Azure Storage resource that retains diagnostic logs for policy audit, static analysis, or backup. A Log Analytics resource provides a flexible log search and analytics tool that allows for analysis of raw logs generated by an Azure resource.

[Diagnostic logging - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/diagnostic-logging)

[Monitor Cognitive Services - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/monitor-cognitive-services/)


### #13
You are developing a containerized optical character recognition (OCR)-capable application by using Azure AI Services containers.

While developing the solution, you retrieve a status message of “Mismatch”, and the connection to the AI Services resource fails.

You need to ensure that the solution can connect to the AI Services resource.

What should you do?

- [ ] Confirm that the API key is for the correct region.

- [x] Confirm that the API key is for the correct resource type.

- [ ] Confirm that the Azure AI Services resource is online.

- [ ] Upgrade the Azure AI Services resource to a higher tier.


Mismatch means that the wrong API key has been used. If you have provided an API key or endpoint for a different kind of Azure AI Services resource, you find your API key and service region in the Azure portal, in the Keys and Endpoint section for your Azure AI Services resource.

If the API key is invalid, you must confirm that the API key is for the correct region. If the API key has exceeded the quota, then you can either upgrade your pricing tier or wait for an additional quota to become available. Find your tier in the Azure portal, in the Pricing Tier section of your Azure AI Service resource. The mismatch error would not be generated if the resource was offline.

[Cognitive Services containers FAQ - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/containers/container-faq)

[Deploy cognitive services in containers - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/investigate-container-for-use-cognitive-services/)


### #14
You are building an app that will detect the color scheme of uploaded images.

You are evaluating using the Image Analysis API to detect the dominant background color of an image.

Which color can the API return as a dominant background color?

- [ ] azure

- [ ] maroon

- [x] teal

- [ ] silver

Only a certain set of colors can be returned by the API. The set of possible returned colors is black, blue, brown, gray, green, orange, pink, purple, red, teal, white, and yellow.

[Color scheme detection - Computer Vision - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/concept-detecting-color-schemes)

[Analyze images - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/analyze-images/)



### #15
You are building an app that will use Azure AI Vision to extract text from scanned images of handwritten text.

Which Azure AI Vision feature should you use?

Select only one answer.

- [ ] Azure AI Custom Vision

- [ ] handwriting analysis

- [ ] Image Analysis

- [x] optical character recognition (OCR)

- [ ] Spatial Analysis


OCR is the only visual feature that can extract text from images.

[What is Computer Vision? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/overview)

[Read Text in Images and Documents with the Computer Vision Service - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/read-text-images-documents-with-computer-vision-service/)





### #16
You are building an app that will be deployed to an edge device and will use Azure AI Custom Vision to analyze images of fruits.

You need to select a model domain for the app. The solution must support running the app without internet connectivity.

Which model should you use?

Select only one answer.

- [x] Compact domain

- [ ] Food domain

- [ ] General[A1] domain

- [ ] General[A2] domain

Only Compact domain is correct. The Azure AI Custom Vision service only exports compact domains, and the models generated by compact domains are optimized for the constraints of real-time classification on mobile devices.

[Select a domain for a Custom Vision project - Computer Vision - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/select-domain)

[Export your model to mobile - Custom Vision Service - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/export-your-model)

[Classify images - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/classify-images/)




### #17
You need to build an app that will use Azure AI Vision to analyze and detect animals in images.

Which type of project should you use?

- [ ] image classification

- [ ] image detection

- [ ] object analysis

- [ ] object classification

- [x] object detection

Object detection returns the coordinates in an image where the applied label(s) can be found, while image classification applies one or more labels to an entire image.

[What is Custom Vision? - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/overview)

[Detect objects in images - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/detect-objects-images/)




### #18
You are building an app that will use Azure AI Vision to analyze and classify images to build an image library of animals.

You need to configure the classification type for the Azure AI Vision project. The solution must ensure that the images selected only include a single animal.

Which type of classification should you use?


- [x] multiclass

- [ ] multilabel

- [ ] singleclass

- [ ] singlelabel

- [ ] unilabel


Multilabel classification applies any number of tags to an image (zero or more), while multiclass classification sorts images into single categories (every image you submit will be sorted into the most likely tag). Therefore, using multilabel means that one image can be tagged as both “cat” and “dog” at the same time, although it should be either/or.

[Quickstart: Build an image classification model with the Custom Vision portal - Azure Cognitive Services | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/getting-started-build-a-classifier)

[Classify images - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/classify-images/)


### #19
You are building an app that uses the Azure AI Video indexer API to analyze Microsoft Teams meeting recordings. The app will search for images and mentions of competing companies.

Which content model should you use?

Select only one answer.

- [x] custom brands

- [ ] custom Language

- [ ] custom slate

The Custom Brands model supports brand detection from speech and visuals.

Slate detection is used for clapper boards and digital patterns with color bars, and the custom Language model is used to add words that are not in the model.

[Customize a Brands model in Azure Video Indexer - Azure - Azure Video Indexer | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-video-indexer/customize-brands-model-overview)

[Analyze video - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/analyze-video/)



### #20
You are using a custom Language content model in an Azure AI Video Indexer solution.

During testing, you upload a text file that includes the following sentence: “Kubernetes is a new feature in Azure & the cloud.”

The sentence is discarded.

You need to ensure that the model retains the sentence.

What should you do?

Select only one answer.

- [ ] Change the model to a custom slate detection model.

- [x] Remove the “&” character from the text file.

- [ ] Retrain the model.

You need to remove the “&” character because sentences with special characters will be discarded.

Kubernetes is highly specific and unknown to the model, so retraining the model is incorrect. The slate model is for clapper boards and digital patterns with color bars.

[Customize a Language model in Azure Video Indexer - Azure - Azure Video Indexer | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-video-indexer/customize-language-model-overview)

[Analyze video - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/analyze-video/)
