# Exam AI-102 practice assessment
## Q 21-30

### #21
You are building a video processing app that will use Azure AI Video Indexer to extract insights from videos that contain multi-language content.

You need to configure the API calls to enable multilingual identification.

Which value should you set for the `sourceLanguage` parameter?

- [ ] `language detection`

- [ ] `multi detection`

- [x] `multi-language detection`

- [ ] `multi-lingual detection`


When indexing or reindexing a video by using the API, choose the multi-language detection option for the sourceLanguage parameter. The remaining options do not configure the API calls to enable multilingual identification.

[Automatically identify and transcribe multi-language content with Azure Video Indexer - Azure Video Indexer | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-video-indexer/multi-language-identification-transcription)

[Analyze video - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/analyze-video/)

### #22
You are creating an assistant based on a generative Azure AI model.

You plan to use the system message component for prompts in the solution.

Which two capabilities does the system message offer for the model? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.

Select all answers that apply.

- [ ] defines the data sources that should not be included in the model

- [x] defines what the model should and should not do

- [ ] detects which language is being used in a prompt

- [x] helps define the assistant’s personality

The system message is included at the beginning of the prompt and is used to prime the model with context, instructions, or other information relevant to the use case. You can use the system message to describe the assistant’s personality, define what the model should and should not answer, and define the format of model responses.

[Prompt engineering techniques with Azure OpenAI - Azure OpenAI Service | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/concepts/advanced-prompt-engineering?pivots=programming-language-chat-completions)



### #23
You are provisioning an Azure OpenAI service resource.

You need to ensure that the resource is only available to applications that are hosted in your Azure subscription.

Which network security setting should you configure?

Select only one answer.

- [ ] All networks

- [ ] All networks, and a network security group to control traffic

- [x] Disabled, and allow a private endpoint connection to establish access

- [ ] Selected networks

Because the requirements state that access to the resource should only be for applications hosted in the Azure subscription, setting the network option to Disabled and configuring a private endpoint meets this requirement.

All networks permit access to any network, including the internet. Selected networks access to networks outside of Azure, if configured that way.

[How-to: Create and deploy an Azure OpenAI Service resource - Azure OpenAI | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal)



### #24
You are creating an application that references the Azure OpenAI REST API for a DALL-E model.

You plan to use thumbnails of the images that DALL-E generates and display them in a table on a webpage.

You need to find the image URLs in the JSON response.

Which element should you review?

Select only one answer.

- [ ] the ids array element

- [ ] the images array element

- [ ] the imageURL array element

- [x] the result element

The result from the initial request does not immediately return the results of the image generation process. Instead, the response includes an operation-location header with a URL for a callback service that your application code can poll until the results of the image generation are ready. The result element includes a collection of url elements, each of which references a PNG image file generated from the prompt.

[Use the Azure OpenAI REST API to consume DALL-E models - Training | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/training/modules/generate-images-azure-openai/4-dall-e-rest-api)



